chore(blog): mini series - Speed up your development process (part 1) (#234)
asyncapi/website: pages/blog/miniseries-part_1.md

---

> title: "Mini series - Speed up your development process (part 1)"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Speed up your development process (part 1)"
```

I don't think title must mention that it is some kind of miniseries, part1 already indicates there will be more

Author: Yea I agree 👍

date: 2021-04-28T06:00:00+01:00
type: Engineering
tags:
  - tools
  - code generation
cover: /img/posts/jonaslagoni-miniseries-part1/blog-miniseries-cover.webp
authors:
  - name: Jonas Lagoni
    photo: /img/avatars/jonaslagoni.webp
    link: https://github.com/jonaslagoni
    byline: AsyncAPI Maintainer
featured: true
---

> How can you utilize code generation to speed up the development process and only focus on what is important, the business logic? In this mini-series we will explore the ways AsyncAPI and code generation can work hand in hand beyond generating documentation. 

Reviewer: I suggest you always stick to "I" and as little as possible to "we". This is not documentation but YOUR article, it is better when you write in the first person, as it sounds personal

Structure of the miniseries:

> * **Part 1: Designing the API's with AsyncAPI**

Reviewer: doesn't match the title, is it intentional?

Author: Kinda, not sure how they can be synced? As `Designing the API's with AsyncAPI (part 1)` as the title seems weird to me like it is part 1 of how to design your API's with AsyncAPI when it is part 1. Not sure, what do you think? 🤔

Reviewer: I think `Designing the API's with AsyncAPI` is better than `Speed up your development process`

Author: True. I'll change it.

* Part 2: Implementing the applications using code generation
* Part 3: Black-box testing the applications using code generation
* Part 4: Introducing new changes when using code generation
* Part 5: The path to 1 billion players - Scaling the applications and finding bottlenecks with code generation

> **Don't see this blog post series as anything other then an example workflow, this is purely how I do it with my applications and how I use AsyncAPI and it's tooling to my advantage. Use this as an inspiration to finding an approach that works for you.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Don't see this blog post series as anything other then an example workflow, this is purely how I do it with my applications and how I use AsyncAPI and it's tooling to my advantage. Use this as an inspiration to finding an approach that works for you.
```

better do it as a kind of note as such a big block of text that is bold is not nice to read

My side project at that time was a [Rust](https://rust.facepunch.com/) game server plugin which collected in game events, such as when a player farms resources, kills another player, loots a container, etc, and send them to a backend. Later these could be extracted by an API to display the players progression and detailed account on what you did on the game server. 

Initially I used OpenAPI to describe the API and the great thing was their tooling allowed me generate clients and servers in different languages which really speed up the implementation process.

I soon encountered a use case that required me to push data to the game server, and solving this with REST was possible, but cumbersome. So I started exploring different alternatives, in terms of event driven architecture, however, none could be described using OpenAPI or offered tooling, so I had to find alternatives. 

> That was when I vaguely remembered a meeting where AsyncAPI was mentioned. Around that time, at work, we began to switch from a custom socket protocol to [NATS](https://nats.io/), and at the same time they spend some time figuring out how to mainstream the process and document the API's, and this is where they found and adopted AsyncAPI. So I started to use AsyncAPI in my project, and sparked my first ever encounter with open source, but that is a story for another time, maybe.

Reviewer: I lost track here, I think you are referring to EURISCO again, but I'm not 100% sure, so be explicit here

Author: Good point added 👍

So this blog post is a dedication to that experience, showcasing how I use AsyncAPI to document and generate code to speed up the development process, and maybe spark your interest in building the best tooling possible.

# To that end

Explaining something is always better with actual examples, therefore I will be creating a little system to show you how code generation can help the development process. 

> ![General setup](/img/posts/jonaslagoni-miniseries-part1/blog-miniseries-general-setup.webp)

Reviewer: you could use `<Figure>` component here and add nice caption to the image with content that you have below:

`The round dot between some broker and the game server represent how others may grab/interact with the application, ergo its API. The same thing is for the processor.`

this way reader can quickly understand those dots exactly when needed, without a need to read entire paragraph first

Author: Added 👍

I will be creating a system of two applications, a **game server** and a **processor** using a micro-service architecture with no public facing API. How a player interact with the **game server** could be through a phone, a computer, Xbox or PlayStation, for us this is out of scope for this project, we only care about the interaction between the **game server** and the **processor**. The round dot between some broker and the game server represent how others may grab/interact with the application, ergo its API. The same thing is for the processor.

> The main point of the **game server** will be to simulate the interaction of the player. This means it will simulate the following events: when players join the game server, pick up items in game, uses the chat, hit one another, and eventually disconnect.

Reviewer: always when possible, avoid `will` but be active
```
The main point of the **game server** is to simulate
```

> The main point of the **game server** will be to simulate the interaction of the player. This means it will simulate the following events: when players join the game server, pick up items in game, uses the chat, hit one another, and eventually disconnect.

Reviewer: what `simulate` means here really? like it will pretend, play, simulate the Player or? if yes, then why? why Player is then on the diagram if it is anyway simulated by the game server

Author: I added the player to the image since it made sense to me still displaying them, regardless of whether the game server simulates the players or not. Simulating these events simply means it will at random intervals simulate players is joining the server, picking up some items, etc, and eventually disconnecting.

I will clarify it some more.

## The game server
I always start basic, and first define all the different channels for which the **game server** should produce events over.

```yaml
asyncapi: 2.0.0
info: 
  title: "Game server"
  version: "0.0.1"
channels: 
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/item/{itemId}/pickup:
    description: Channel used when a player picks up an item in-game
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/connect:
    description: Channel used when a player joins (connect to) the game server
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/disconnect:
    description: Channel used when a player leaves (disconnects from) the game server
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/chat: 
    description: Channel used when a player writes something in chat
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/hit: 
    description: Channel used when a player hit another player in-game
```

> Channels must be defined as a [RFC 6570 URI template](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/specifications/2.0.0#channelsObject), regardless of how the underlying broker . The way I like to structure my channels, is to utilize parameters to separate the action from information about the event, so it describes, on what server the event was performed `{serverId}`, by what player `{playerId}` and in case of **pickup**, what item `{itemId}` gets picked up. For the last part of the channel we describe what the event was, **pickup**, **connect**, **disconnect**, etc.

Reviewer: `regardless of how the underlying broker .` looks like you cut the sentence in the middle 🤔

This is again because we want to define how others may interact with our **processor**. This means that instead of using the `subscribe` operation we use `publish` to tell others that they can publish to this channel since the backend **processor** are subscribing to it. The full AsyncAPI document for the **processor** can be found [here](https://github.com/jonaslagoni/asyncapi-miniseries/blob/master/AsyncAPI/Processor.yaml). 

```yaml
...
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/item/{itemId}/pickup:
    ...
    publish: 
      ...
...
```

## Introducing reusability
At the moment each of the AsyncAPI documents contains their own definition of the channels. But what if we where to add a new validation rule such as a new property to the **playerItemPickupPayload** schema? In our case we would have to change this for both applications which is way too much work :smile:

We can therefore introduce **$ref** to separate the parameters and messages into smaller sections for reusability. I will be placing all separate components into a **components** directory in the same directory the AsyncAPI documents reside.

> Just a quick note, at the moment it is not possible to reuse channels and operations directly, therefore we must do it to the parameters and message individually \[[2](#channel-reusability)\]. 

Reviewer: 1. I think the link is broken
2. Channel can be also reused with ref -> https://github.com/asyncapi/spec/blob/master/spec/asyncapi.md#channel-item-object, which means technically it can be reused. I guess you mean that you cannot ref the operation, to have channel A with subscribe referencing operation that is also in channel B with publish, right? if yes, it must have better explanation or just remove this sentence 😄 to not put to much knowledge on the reader.

Author: @derberg which link are you referring to that should be broken? 

True, I will clarify it some more 👍

Reviewer: forget about the link, I did not notice that you use markdown references. I don't really like them, prefer link in the text, but it is up to you

Author: Hmm, let me sleep on it 😄

---
title: "Designing the APIs with AsyncAPI (Part 1)"
date: 2021-04-28T06:00:00+01:00
type: Engineering
tags:
  - tools
  - code generation
cover: /img/posts/jonaslagoni-miniseries-part1/blog-miniseries-cover.webp
authors:
  - name: Jonas Lagoni
    photo: /img/avatars/jonaslagoni.webp
    link: https://github.com/jonaslagoni
    byline: AsyncAPI Maintainer
featured: true
---

> How can you utilize code generation to speed up the development process and only focus on what is important, the business logic? In this mini-series, I will explore the ways AsyncAPI and code generation can work hand in hand beyond generating documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How can you utilize code generation to speed up the development process and only focus on what is important - the business logic? In this miniseries, I will explore the ways AsyncAPI and code generation can work hand in hand beyond generating documentation.
```

Structure of the miniseries:
* **Part 1: Designing the APIs with AsyncAPI**
* Part 2: Implementing the applications using code generation
* Part 3: Black-box testing the applications using code generation
* Part 4: Introducing new changes when using code generation
* Part 5: The path to 1 billion players - Scaling the applications and finding bottlenecks with code generation

> > Don't see this blog post series as anything other than an example workflow, this is purely how I do it with my applications and how I use AsyncAPI and its tooling to my advantage. Use this as an inspiration to finding an approach that works for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Don't see this blog post series as anything other than an example workflow. This is purely how I do it with my applications and how I use AsyncAPI and its tooling to my advantage. Use this as an inspiration to finding an approach that works for you.
```

# Backstory

Back in 2019 when I started contributing to the tooling of AsyncAPI, I was still in university studying for a master's in software engineering and had at that point been a student developer at a company called [EURISCO](http://eurisco.dk/), for about 3 years. Besides that, I have always had side projects that I worked on in my spare time, and it was one of these side projects that sparked my need for AsyncAPI. 

My side project at that time was a [Rust](https://rust.facepunch.com/) game server plugin that collected in-game events, such as when a player farms resources, kills another player, loots a container, etc, and send them to a backend. Later these could be extracted by an API to display the player's progression and detailed account of what the player did on the game server. 

> Initially, I used OpenAPI to describe the API and the great thing was their tooling allowed me to generate clients and servers in different languages which speed up the implementation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initially, I used OpenAPI to describe the API, and the great thing was their tooling allowed me to generate clients and servers in different languages which speed up the implementation process.
```

> Initially, I used OpenAPI to describe the API and the great thing was their tooling allowed me to generate clients and servers in different languages which speed up the implementation process.

Reviewer: `the great thing was their tooling`
whose tooling? OpenAPI has no official tools, maybe make `their tooling` a link and point to the repo with the generator

Author: True 🤔 Let me rephrase it.

Author: Rephrased to 
```
Initially, I used OpenAPI to describe the REST API, and the community tooling allowed me to generate clients and servers in different languages, which accelerated the implementation process.
```

> I soon encountered a use case that required me to push data to the game server, and solving this with REST was possible, but cumbersome. So I started exploring different alternatives, in terms of event-driven architecture, however, none could be described using OpenAPI removing tooling, so I had to find alternatives. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I soon encountered a use case that required me to push data to the game server, and solving this with REST was possible but cumbersome. So I started exploring different alternatives in terms of event-driven architecture. However, none could be described using OpenAPI removing tooling, so I had to find alternatives. 
```

always cut into as many sentences as possible, long sentences are always confusing

> That was when I vaguely remembered a meeting in the company where AsyncAPI was mentioned. Around that time, at work, we began to switch from a custom socket protocol to [NATS](https://nats.io/), and at the same time they spend some time figuring out how to mainstream the process and document the APIs, and this is where they found and adopted AsyncAPI. So I started to use AsyncAPI in my project, which sparked my first ever contribution to an open-source project, but that is a story for another time, maybe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That was when I vaguely remembered a meeting in the company where AsyncAPI was mentioned. Around that time, at work, we began to switch from a custom socket protocol to [NATS](https://nats.io/), and at the same time they spend some time, figuring out how to mainstream the process and document the APIs, and this is where they found and adopted AsyncAPI. So I started to use AsyncAPI in my project, which sparked my first ever contribution to an open-source project, but that is a story for another time, maybe.
```

> So this blog post is a dedication to that experience, showcasing how I use AsyncAPI to document and generate code to speed up the development process, and maybe spark your interest in helping us build the best tooling possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So this blog post is a dedication to that experience, showcasing how I use AsyncAPI to document and generate code to speed up the development process and maybe spark your interest in helping us build the best tooling possible.
```

# To that end

Explaining something is always better with actual examples, therefore I will be creating a little system to show you how code generation can help the development process. 
<figure>
  <img src="/img/posts/jonaslagoni-miniseries-part1/blog-miniseries-general-setup.webp" title="General setup of the project"/>
  <figcaption className="text-center text-gray-400 text-sm">The general setup of the project, with the two applications game server and processor. The round dot between "some broker" and the applications represent how others may grab/interact with the application, ergo its API.</figcaption>
</figure>

> I will be creating a system of two applications, a **game server** and a **processor** using a micro-service architecture with no public-facing API. How a player interacts with the **game server** could be through a phone, a computer, Xbox, or PlayStation, for us this is out of scope for this project. For this blog post I only care about the interaction between the **game server** and the **processor**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I will be creating a system of two applications, a **game server** and a **processor** using a micro-service architecture with no public-facing API. How a player interacts with the **game server** could be through a phone, a computer, Xbox, or PlayStation. I only care about the interaction between the **game server** and the **processor** for this blog post. 
```

> The **game server** will produce the following events: when players join the server, pick up items in-game, uses the chat, hit one another, and eventually disconnect. It will be implemented to simulate players at random intervals is joining the server, picking up some items, etc, and eventually disconnecting, to provide a sense of realism. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **game server** will produce the following events: when players join the server, pick up items in-game, uses the chat, hit one another, and eventually disconnect. It will be implemented to simulate players at random intervals is joining the server, picking up some items, etc, and eventually disconnecting to provide a sense of realism. 
```

The backend **processor** will be consuming these events to process them. In this series, I will not do anything particular with the data other than it will simply save the received events directly to a database.

I will not get into the specifics of the stack for this system yet since it does not affect the writing of the API documents for the two applications.

> # Designing the APIs with AsyncAPI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Designing the APIs with AsyncAPI

```

When starting designing the application APIs I always use the [design first principle](https://apisyouwonthate.com/blog/api-design-first-vs-code-first), even when we are talking about internal systems.

> ## The game server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The game server

```

> I always start with the basics, and first define all the different channels for which the **game server** should produce events over. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
I always start with the basics and define all the different channels for which the **game server** should produce events over.
```

```yaml
asyncapi: 2.0.0
info: 
  title: "Game server"
  version: "0.0.1"
channels: 
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/item/{itemId}/pickup:
    description: Channel used when a player picks up an item in-game
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/connect:
    description: Channel used when a player joins (connect to) the game server
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/disconnect:
    description: Channel used when a player leaves (disconnects from) the game server
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/chat: 
    description: Channel used when a player writes something in chat
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/hit: 
    description: Channel used when a player hit another player in-game
```

> AsyncAPI channels have a different meaning based on the underlying setup, for brokers such as [Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/), this is referred to as `topics`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AsyncAPI channels have a different meaning based on the underlying setup. For brokers such as [Apache Kafka](https://kafka.apache.org/), this is referred to as `topics`. 
```

However, regardless of the underlying setup, channels must be defined as a [RFC 6570 URI template](https://www.asyncapi.com/docs/specifications/2.0.0#channelsObject). 

> The way I like to structure my channels is to utilize parameters to separate the action from information about the event, so it describes, on what server the event was performed `{serverId}`, by what player `{playerId}` and in case of **pickup**, what item `{itemId}` gets picked up. For the last part of the channel I describe what the event was, **pickup**, **connect**, **disconnect**, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The way I like to structure my channels is to utilize parameters to separate the action from information about the event, so it describes, on what server the event was performed `{serverId}`, by what player `{playerId}` and in case of **pickup**, what item `{itemId}` gets picked up. For the last part of the channel, I describe what event it was, **pickup**, **connect**, **disconnect**, etc.
```

Next I define the actual definition of the channels, and here I will focus on explaining the channel `game/server/{server_id}/events/player/{player_id}/item/{item_id}/pickup`. The full AsyncAPI document can be found [here](https://github.com/jonaslagoni/asyncapi-miniseries/blob/master/AsyncAPI/GameServer.yaml).

```YAML
...
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/item/{itemId}/pickup:
    description: Channel used when a player picks up an item in-game
    parameters:
      serverId: 
        description: The id of the server the action was performed on
        schema: 
          type: string
      playerId: 
        description: The id of the player who performed the action
        schema: 
          type: string
      itemId: 
        description: The id of item picked up
        schema: 
          type: string
    subscribe: 
      message:
        payload:
          type: object
          properties:
            pickupTimestamp:
              type: string
              format: date-time
              description: The timestamp the item was picked up
          $id: PlayerItemPickupPayload
          additionalProperties: false
...
```

> First I have the definition of **parameters** used in the channel. **serverId** tells us where the action originates from, the **playerId** tells us who performed the action, and the **itemId** tells us which item was picked up and should all validate against a value with type **string**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, I have the definition of **parameters** used in the channel. **serverId** tells us where the action originates from, the **playerId** tells us who performed the action, and the **itemId** tells us which item was picked up and should all validate against a value with type **string**.
```

<figure>
  <img src="/img/posts/jonaslagoni-miniseries-part1/blog-miniseries-gameserver-api.webp" title="Game server setup"/>
  <figcaption className="text-center text-gray-400 text-sm">Displays the game server API as it is described with AsyncAPI with version 2.0.0. The round dot between "some broker" and the game server represent how others may grab/consume the produced event from the game server.</figcaption>
</figure>

> Next, we have the **subscribe** operation, which might not make much sense at first glance. I do want the **game server** to publish this event right?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, we have the **subscribe** operation, which might not make much sense at first glance. I do want the **game server** to publish this event, right?
```

> And you would be correct, but this is how you currently define operations in AsyncAPI. You define the operation others may interact with. This means that the **game server** publishes on this channel and others may **subscribe** to it \[[1](#view-property)\]\[[3](#clarify-view)\]. If you want a more detailed explanation I suggest reading Nic Townsend's post about [Demystifying the Semantics of Publish and Subscribe](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/publish-subscribe-semantics). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And you would be correct, but this is how you currently define operations in AsyncAPI. You define the operation others may interact with. This means that the **game server** publishes on this channel and others may **subscribe** to it \[[1](#view-property)\]\[[3](#clarify-view)\]. If you want a more detailed explanation, I suggest reading Nic Townsend's post about [Demystifying the Semantics of Publish and Subscribe](https://www.asyncapi.com/blog/publish-subscribe-semantics). 
```

The **payload** of the channel (is described using a super-set of JSON Schema draft 7) should validate against an **object** which contains the property **pickupTimestamp**, which should validate against a **string**. When **additionalProperties** is **false**, no extra properties may be added to the object (by default this is **true** in JSON Schema draft 7). The **$id** keyword is used as an identifier for that specific schema, in this case, I name the object schema **PlayerItemPickupPayload**.

> ## The backend processor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The backend processor

```

> Next, I design the **processor** API which contains all the same channels as the **game server**, but with a different operation keyword. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, I design the **processor** API, which contains all the same channels as the **game server**, but with a different operation keyword. 
```

<figure>
  <img src="/img/posts/jonaslagoni-miniseries-part1/blog-miniseries-processor-api.webp" title="Processor setup"/>
  <figcaption className="text-center text-gray-400 text-sm">Displays the processor API as it is described with AsyncAPI with version 2.0.0. The round dot between "some broker" and the processor represent how others may grab/provide events that the processor subscribes to.</figcaption>
</figure>
This is again because I need to define how others may interact with our **processor**. This means that instead of using the `subscribe` operation I use `publish` to tell others that they can publish to this channel since the backend **processor** is subscribing to it. The full AsyncAPI document for the **processor** can be found [here](https://github.com/jonaslagoni/asyncapi-miniseries/blob/master/AsyncAPI/Processor.yaml). 

```yaml
...
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/item/{itemId}/pickup:
    ...
    publish: 
      ...
...
```

> ## Introducing reusability

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Introducing reusability

```

> At the moment each of the AsyncAPI documents contains its own definition of the channels. But what if I were to add a new validation rule such as a new property to the **playerItemPickupPayload** schema? In this case, I would have to change this for both applications which is way too much work :smile:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At the moment, each of the AsyncAPI documents contains its definition of the channels. But what if I were to add a new validation rule such as a new property to the **playerItemPickupPayload** schema? In this case, I would have to change this for both applications, which is way too much work :smile:
```

> We can therefore introduce **$ref** to separate the parameters and messages into smaller sections for reusability. I will be placing all separate components into a ["components" directory](https://github.com/jonaslagoni/asyncapi-miniseries/tree/master/AsyncAPI) in the same directory the AsyncAPI documents reside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, we can introduce **$ref** to separate the parameters and messages into smaller sections for reusability. I will be placing all separate components into a ["components" directory](https://github.com/jonaslagoni/asyncapi-miniseries/tree/master/AsyncAPI) in the same directory the AsyncAPI documents reside.
```

> Just a quick note, at the moment it is not possible to reuse channels and operations directly between the two applications, therefore we can only apply this to the parameters and message individually while keeping some duplicate information \[[2](#channel-reusability)\]. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just a quick note, at the moment, it is not possible to reuse channels and operations directly between the two applications. Therefore we can only apply this to the parameters and message individually while keeping some duplicate information \[[2](#channel-reusability)\]. 
```

> First I separate the different parameters, for simplicity I add all of them into the same file `./components/Parameters.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, I separate the different parameters. For simplicity, I add all of them into the same file `./components/Parameters.yaml`.

```

```yaml
serverId:
  description: The id of the server
  schema: 
    type: string
playerId:
  description: The id of the player who performed the action
  schema: 
    type: string
itemId:
  description: The id of the item
  schema: 
    type: string
```

And then change all the channel parameters to reference the external parameter definition.
```yaml
...
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/item/{itemId}/pickup:
    description: Channel used when a player picks up an item in-game
    parameters:
      serverId: 
        $ref: "./components/Parameters.yaml#/serverId"
      playerId: 
        $ref: "./components/Parameters.yaml#/playerId"
      itemId: 
        $ref: "./components/Parameters.yaml#/itemId"
    ...
...
```

> For the messages I add a new file per message instead of keeping everything in the same file as parameters, I use this approach since I find it easier to maintain and extend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the messages, I add a new file per message instead of keeping everything in the same file as parameters. I use this approach since I find it easier to maintain and extend.
```

We add the message file `./components/messages/PlayerItemPickup.yaml`
```yaml
payload:
  type: object
  properties:
    pickupTimestamp:     
      type: string
      format: date-time
      description: The timestamp the item was picked up
  $id: PlayerItemPickupPayload
  additionalProperties: false
```

and alter the channel definition for the **game server** to:
```yaml
...
  game/server/{serverId}/events/player/{playerId}/item/{itemId}/pickup:
    description: Channel used when a player picks up an item in-game
    parameters:
      serverId: 
        $ref: "./components/Parameters.yaml#/serverId"
      playerId: 
        $ref: "./components/Parameters.yaml#7playerId"
      itemId: 
        $ref: "./components/Parameters.yaml#/itemId"
    subscribe: 
      message:
        $ref: './components/messages/PlayerItemPickup.yaml'
...
```

> These changes are applied to the **processor** as well. All the AsyncAPI files can be found [here](https://github.com/jonaslagoni/asyncapi-miniseries/tree/master/AsyncAPI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These changes are applied to the **processor** as well. You can find all the AsyncAPI files [here](https://github.com/jonaslagoni/asyncapi-miniseries/tree/master/AsyncAPI).
```

# What's next

> Now that the APIs are designed for the two applications we can move on to the fun part, implementing the applications using code generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, that the APIs are designed for two applications, we can move on to the fun part, implementing the applications using code generation.
```

# Related issues

> In case you are interested in jumping into our discussions and be part of the community that drives the specification and tools, I have referenced some of the outstanding issues and discussions related to the different aspects I have referenced in the post.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you are interested in jumping into our discussions and being part of the community that drives the specification and tools, I have referenced some of the outstanding issues and discussions related to the different aspects I have referenced in the post.
```
